I was given the opportunity to reflect on my time at Christopher Newport University within an interactive map of campus that I created on ThingLink. While creating this project, I wanted to focus on how my experiences on campus have built upon each other, and how CNU has shaped me into who I currently am. I was even able to briefly include the hardships that occurred my Sophomore year when campus was given a Covid-friendly makeover, in which I was suddenly unfamiliar with the place I had just come to love. My ThingLink map attached below tells my story of CNU. 

<iframe width="960" height="729.2193308550186" data-original-width="1614" data-original-height="1226" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1499040238943600643" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>

In beginning this project, our prompt was to connect our points on the map to some sort of narrative. Examples that other students came up with included a day in their lives, a highlight reel of their favorite year, or how they met all of the people they now know and love. I really wanted to be excited about telling my CNU story, but I honestly was not even sure what it was. Too often I find myself going through the motions, and this was the first time I was able to truly sit down and consider what was so important to me about CNU. 

First and foremost, I went straight to my Snapchat memories. I was quite bright-eyed and bushy tailed freshman year, and tried to document as much of it as I could. I wish I could have included all of the “firsts” I experienced and took note of, especially because they all seem so trivial and just a part of everyday campus life now. When discussing my freshman dorm, I included the first photo I had on my phone of my closest CNU friends and I. It was so fun to be able to see how much we have changed physically and internally since then. 

After that, my story felt like it unfolded much better. I focused on the important landmarks and other “firsts” at college, and in some cases how they have evolved in my time here. I made note of all of the dorms I have lived in, where I studied and worked, what I did for fun, and even tried to predict what I would miss the most of my college experience. 

To get all of this onto the map, however, I had to play around with ThingLink. The interface had really easy instructions, and once I got my desired map uploaded it was very simple to start adding my personal details. My biggest issue both creatively and functionally was deciding how I wanted to include videos. I wanted them to add a sense of immersion without being awkwardly settled in among the photos. Thankfully, ThingLink made it relatively easy to upload my videos and change them in or out as I was experimenting. And for the most part, they load right on cue in the map. 

My favorite part of the designing process of the map was choosing my icons and pop-up window colors. I wanted the audience’s eye to catch the icon above CNU Hall, because that was the introduction of my time at CNU and of the map. As such, I made this icon stand out in red, while the rest were transparent. I didn’t want too many clashing colors, since the map was already pretty colorful, so I thought the transparent icons with individual shapes fit best for the story I wanted to tell. 

I’m proud of the outcome of my map, and even more so of how I have grown here in Newport News, Virginia. 

